{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue227;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa422

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Max P. Rafferty
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa326

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Language agnostic Full-Stack Software Engineer
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Frontend specialist with a decade of best-practice Web Dev and Leadership. Proven professional experience in frontend development and architecture, mobile-first responsive UX, and developer advocacy and training.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl240
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 MaxPRafferty@gmail.com
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 617-480-3820
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl288\sa192
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 372 Montgomery St #2, Brooklyn NY, 11225
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl240
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxprafferty
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 https://github.com/MaxPRafferty
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 http://stackoverflow.com/users/1612869/maxprafferty
\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa403

\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Experience
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa364

\b\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Change My World Now\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Head of Development \'96 New York, NY \'96 February 2017 - April 2017\uc0\u8232 Directly responsible for all day-to-day technical and engineering operations. Ultimately responsible for selection of technologies and tooling. Responsible for engineering hiring. Ran successful internship program for five development interns.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Change My World Now\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Frontend Lead \'96 New York, NY \'96 October 2015 - February 2017\uc0\u8232 Second Engineer. Built out CMWN platform frontend SPA from scratch, as well as in-house games framework, several dozen games, and supporting microservices. Built out AWS infrastructure and CI systems. Select tech includes React, Redux, AWS (EC2, S3, Dynamo), and Node.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Nomi\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Engineer \'96 New York, NY \'96 April 2014 - October 2015\uc0\u8232 Member of frontend engineering team responsible for stack architecture, development, and maintenance of client-facing SAAS application interfaces. Personally worked to select and implement the frontend tech stack for a full, ground-up SPA in HTML5, SCSS, and ES2015 Javascript, with Linux and Node build tools. Select technologies include React, Flux, Babel, Mocha, and Gulp.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NorthPoint Digital\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Consultant \'96 New York, NY \'96 October 2012 - April 2014\uc0\u8232 Stack agnostic web development and consultancy. Focused on direct client interaction and responsive, high-performance enterprise development. Technologies included Javascript, C#, PHP, Microsoft .NET, Apache, Solr, Drupal, Ektron, and Sitecore. Notable projects included sites for MIT Sloan Business School (mitsloan.mit.edu) and Children's Hospital of the King's Daughters (chkd.org).
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Hearts On Fire\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Engineer \'96 Boston, MA \'96 August 2012 - October 2012\uc0\u8232 Sitecore development in C# for HeartsOnFire.com.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Ektron, Inc.\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Engineer 
\fs30 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \'96 
\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Nashua, NH \'96 February 2011 - August 2012\uc0\u8232 Responsible for full-stack implementation and maintenance of client sites built on Ektron CMS. Additionally, delivered on-site and remote developer training sessions on Ektron's products and APIs. Technologies included C#, PHP, Javascript, and Ektron. Notable projects included Kodak.com and Covidien.com.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 River Cardroom\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Poker Dealer \'96 Milford, NH \'96 May 2010 - February 2011\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 College of Wooster \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Web Manager \'96 Wooster, OH \'96 November 2007 - May 2010\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Oversaw migration team responsible for migrating static HTML site into Sitecore CMS.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa403

\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Education
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa364

\b\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Summer Coursework, Harvard University\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Studied Algorithms and Data Structures under Dr. Michael D. Mitzenmacher. Coursework completed 2008.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Bachelor of Arts, College of Wooster\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Major: Computer Science Minor: Studio Art\uc0\u8232 Attended 2006 - 2010. Senior thesis passed with honors, published as M. Rafferty and S. Visa, BitTorrent-Enhanced Distributed Internet Caching (BEDIC) in Proceedings of the 2010 Midstates Conference for Undergraduate Research in Computer Science and Mathematics, Springfield, 2010, pp 49-57.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa403

\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Skills
\b0\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\sa364

\b\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Environments\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Server administration in Windows and **ix environments. Comfortable in all desktop environments.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Languages\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Master level Javascript (ES5, ES2015 (formerly ES6)). Professional experience in C#, Visual Basic, PHP, and Python. Educated in C, C++, and Java.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Tools\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Comfortable with standard *nix tools. Frontend tools include Gulp, Grunt, Babel, SCSS, LESS, Browserify, Webpack, Google Closure, ESLint, Intern, Jest, Mocha, and Chai, all via Node. Comfortable working in virtualized environments and in UNIX containers (Docker). Comfortable working within and configuring CI and build automation (Wercker, Jenkins, Solano, Travis). Comfortable with AWS tools.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 VCS\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Strongly prefer Git. Experience with SVN, Team Foundation, and VSS.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Frameworks \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Strongly prefer React. Professional experience with Angular, Durandal (Knockout), and Backbone.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Libraries\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Strongly prefer Lodash (Underscore). Very familiar with JQuery (though you might not need it!). Comfortable with Bootstrap and Foundation.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b\fs38 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Issue-Tracking\uc0\u8232  
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Very comfortable in JIRA and working with JIRA Agile tools. Experience with Pivotal, GitHub Issues, TFS, and Trello.
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}